Update link to the Helm project (#28893)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/tools/_index.md

## Helm

> [`Helm`](https://github.com/helm/helm) is a tool for managing packages of pre-configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Helm](https://helm.sh/) is a tool for managing packages of pre-configured
```

> Kubernetes resources, aka Kubernetes charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes resources. These packages are known as _Helm charts_.
```
